Make server's AWS node attestor plugin subsume AWS node resolver plugin (#1705)
spiffe/spire: doc/plugin_server_noderesolver_aws_iid.md

# Server plugin: NodeResolver "aws_iid"

> **DO NOT USE THIS PLUGIN: it has been deprecated and will be removed in the next release. Its functionality was subsumed into the aws_iid node attestor plugin**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**DO NOT USE THIS PLUGIN: it has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Its functionality was subsumed into the aws_iid node attestor plugin**
```
